init: high level docs (#95)
LibertyDSNP/graph-sdk: README.md

# Overview

This repository contains whe following modules
- [Core](core) : `DSNP` compatible social graph implementation in Rust
- [Config](config) : All supported environments and their configuration details
- [Bridge](bridge) : Graph SDK bridges for other languages
  - [jni](bridge/jni) : JNI bridge for JVM languages
  - [ffi](bridge/ffi) : FFI bridge for languages such as C/C++ and Swift
- [Java](java): Java and Android wrappers around graph sdk.

# Build

1. Install Rust using the [official instructions](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).
2. Check out this repository
3. `rust-toolchain.toml` specifies the standard toolchain to use. If you have `rustup` installed, it will automatically install the correct toolchain when you run any cargo command.
4. Running following command will try to build the core library.

    ```sh
    make build
    ```
   
### Build and test JNI
- To build and install the JNI bridge run

    ```sh
    make build-jni
    ```

-  To test Java and JNI bridge run

    ```sh
    make test-jni
    ```
#### Protobuf code generation

> We are using `Protobuf` to serialize and deserialize between JNI and Rust types. 
> - If any of the proto definitions are changed you need to run the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When modifying any of the protobuf definitions, it is important to perform the following steps to ensure proper serialization and deserialization between JNI and Rust types. 
```

```sh
make build-protos
```
- If protobuf is not installed run
```sh
make install-protos
```
### Build and test FFI
- To build and install the FFI bridge run

    ```sh
    make bindgen
    ```

-  To test FFI bridge run

    ```sh
    make test-ffi
    ```
   - in case of errors you'll need to install `libsodium`
    ```sh

>      apt-get install -y libsodium-dev

Reviewer: Here we can say, ffi tests expect `libsodium-dev` to be installed
